Add docs for federated shares scanner (#2743)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/federated_cloud_sharing_configuration.adoc

+
You may disconnect the share at any time by clicking the btn:[trash can] icon.

== Federated Sharing Scanner CronJob Configuration

[IMPORTANT]
====

> As migration step to 10.5, before enabling this cronjob please remember to remove existing system cron that executes legacy **occ incoming-shares:poll**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the migration step to 10.5, before enabling the cronjob described below, please remember to remove the following system cron job from your crontab that executes legacy **occ incoming-shares:poll**
```

====

> Fed Shares Scanner is a background job used to run the federates shares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Federated Sharing Scanner or short Fed Shares Scanner, is a background job used to run the federates shares
```

> scanner over federates shares that are eligible for scanning,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
scanner over federated shares that are eligible for scanning,
```

> to ensure integrity of the file cache. Scanner will search for federated shares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to ensure the integrity of the file cache. Scanner will search for federated shares
```

> that satisfy the below requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that satisfy these requirements:
```

> . ensure that within single cron run, at max [cronjob_scan_external_batch]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. ensure that within a single cron run, at max [cronjob_scan_external_batch]
```

scans will be performed out of all accepted external shares
. scan of that external share has not been performed within
last [cronjob_scan_external_min_scan] seconds
. user still exists, and has been active recently, meaning logged in at
least [cronjob_scan_external_min_login] seconds ago

> . federated share root etag/mtime changed, signaling that remote changed

Reviewer: `federated share root etag/mtime changed, signaling that remote changed and requires scan`

this sentence is not clear to me. how can a local change signal a remote change?

Author: It refers to operation of doing request to remote server to check etag/mtime, and if that changed we know we need to do full sync of remote with local

Reviewer: I have made a suggestion to make it more clear, see. https://github.com/owncloud/docs/pull/2743#pullrequestreview-468469770

> . federated share root etag/mtime changed, signaling that remote changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. a change in the federated remote share root etag/mtime, signaling a mandatory rescan
```

> and requires scan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To enable cronjob, go to Admin Settings: Federated Cloud Sharing and enable the checkbox

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the cronjob, go to Admin Settings: Federated Cloud Sharing and enable the checkbox
```

> To enable the cronjob, go to Admin Settings: Federated Cloud Sharing and enable the checkbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the cronjob, go to menu:Settings[Admin Settings > Federated Cloud Sharing] and enable the checkbox
```

image:configuration/files/sharing/federated-cloud-sharing/scan-cronjob.png[Checkbox]

> Alternatively you can use command line

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can use the command line:
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,console]
```

----

> occ config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_enabled --value 'yes'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_enabled --value 'yes'
```

----

You can also configure specific settings of the cronjob:

> . To customize minimum amount of hours when last login of user happened so scan is triggered (ensures only active users get fed shares synced)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To customize the minimum amount of time since last login of user so scan is triggered (ensures only active users get fed shares synced)
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[source,console]
```

----

> occ config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_min_login --value <integer-seconds>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_min_login --value <integer-seconds>
```

----

> . To customize minimum amount of hours when last scanned so next scan is triggered (avoid frequent scan when active collaboration)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To customize the minimum amount of time since last scanned so next scan is triggered (avoid frequent scan when active collaboration)
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[source,console]
```

----

> occ config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_min_scan --value <integer-seconds>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_min_scan --value <integer-seconds>
```

----

> . To customize maximum amount of fed share checks per 10 minutes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To customize the maximum amount of federated share checks per 10 minutes
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[source,console]
```

----
currently not limited, amounts to numbers of fed shares in the system

> ----

Reviewer 2: Why does this section need to be here?

Author: Maybe in the future we will want to have this support? Just a thought

> . To customize maximum amount of fed share scans per 10 minutes (scan performed only if fed share files got updated)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To customize the maximum amount of federated share scans per 10 minutes (scan performed only if fed share files got updated)
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[source,console]
```

----

> occ config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_batch --value <integer-number>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set files_sharing cronjob_scan_external_batch --value <integer-number>
```

----

. To force run of cronjob

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[source,console]
```

----

> occ background:queue:execute --force --accept-warning <id-of-fed-scanner-job>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{occ-command-example-prefix} background:queue:execute --force --accept-warning <id-of-fed-scanner-job>
```
